Fourth Young Master
The people from the Chaozhou Chamber of Commerce have found it.
See you tonight
Thank you
Fourth Young Master, we agreed to go to Ah Fei's side tonight
If you don't go, they might suspect you
All gone to save the world
Is it possible to wait patiently for a clear truth?
Do they still want me to teach?
Yes and
My relationship with Luna must be kept a secret
Don't let the slightest wind out
Seventh Master begged Daming
sit
It turned out to be Master Zero's son
Years no see
Look, they have all grown into big boys with Yushu Linfeng
Haha, Seventh Master didn't forget it.
You know me. Of course
Otherwise, why would I fly back to Chubang overnight to see you?
Your father, Lin Feng, and I have been friends for many years.
I hugged you when you were a kid
Haha, so that's it.
But I never heard my dad remind me
It's all in the past
I'll talk to you later.
How did you plan the rescue?
As long as the second uncle has a way
Be sure to help
Why hasn't that young master come yet?
We Fei Ge have personally played with him for so long
He's so ungrateful
Master Lin is a distinguished guest
If he doesn't come, I'll just invite him.
What, Master Lin is not coming again?